Do not reach out to subprojects directly for test results aggregation in snippet (#14349)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/userguide/jvm/java_testing.adoc

.Creating a unit test report for subprojects
====
include::sample[dir="snippets/testing/testReport/groovy",files="buildSrc/src/main/groovy/myproject.java-conventions.gradle[tags=test-report];build.gradle[tags=test-report]"]
include::sample[dir="snippets/testing/testReport/kotlin",files="buildSrc/src/main/kotlin/myproject.java-conventions.gradle.kts[tags=test-report];build.gradle.kts[tags=test-report]"]
====

> Here, we have built a convention plugin `myproject.java-conventions` that declares a consumable `binaryTestResultsElements` configuration
> that depends on the binary results directory of the `test` task.
> This plugin is applied to subprojects from which we want to aggregate the test results.
> In the root project's build file, we declare `testReportData` configuration and depend on the projects that we want to aggregate the results from.
> Lastly, we add a `testReport` task that sets the `testResultsDirs` property to resolve to `testReportData` configuration.

Reviewer: I think this is a good summary of the technical steps the convention plugin takes, but I think it might make sense to describe the higher level approach this is taking here. Maybe something like:

```suggestion
In this example, we use a convention plugin `myproject.java-conventions` to expose the test results from a project to Gradle's <<variant_model.adoc#,variant aware dependency management engine>>. 

The plugin declares a consumable `binaryTestResultsElements` configuration that represents the binary test results of the `test` task. 
In the aggregation project's build file, we declare `testReportData` configuration and depend on all of the projects that we want to aggregate the results from. Gradle will automatically select the binary test result variant from each of the subprojects instead of the project's jar file.
Lastly, we add a `testReport` task that aggregates the test results from the `testResultsDirs` property, which contains all of hte binary test results resolved from the `testReportData` configuration.
```

> In the aggregation project's build file, we declare `testReportData` configuration and depend on all of the projects that we want to aggregate the results from. Gradle will automatically select the binary test result variant from each of the subprojects instead of the project's jar file.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the aggregation project's build file, we declare the `testReportData` configuration and depend on all of the projects that we want to aggregate the results from. Gradle will automatically select the binary test result variant from each of the subprojects instead of the project's jar file.
```
